Thus far in this module, we consider pre-caching,
so we clearly defined which items we want to store in the cache
and therefore if we wanted to fetch anything else from the cache, it just failed.
You can also add items dynamically to the cache,
maybe you don't want to pre-cache them because you don't want to bloat the cache right at the beginning
during installation but you want to make sure that for example that thing with the icons which issue
an extra HTTP request, that something like that works or that if the user visited a page, that he's
able to visit again in the future because you fetched or stored the already fetched items. So in the end,
you want to dynamically add items to the cache.
So we still have our set up with index.html app.js file but anywhere in these files, you issue
a fetch event either because some resource is fetched it through an import in the HTML file or you request something
manually through a fetch event in the app.js
file.
In both cases, you maybe want to store that in your cache, so you access the cache, you then reach out to
the network and fetch the resource and the fetched resource can then be stored in the cache since you
got it anyways,
the request was sent
anyways, of course when you had internet connection. So dynamic caching here means that you dynamicall
add items to the cache,
not necessarily that you cache dynamic content like user created posts or something like that,
I'll show you a special technique for such content later in the course.
For now let's stick to assets like file, image files, script files and so on
These however also can be added dynamically because you store them when you need them or when you
got them.
Let me show you how it works in our code.